Project Name: Midnight's Cafe |
Team Name: Marshall and Company |
Team Members: Daniella Luzi |
I am trying to build a menu for a cafe that will print out a receipt. There will be a few options to add to your cart, the receipt will print out your name, the employee that helped you, the total, and the reward level. |
I want to build it because I enjoy going to cafes with my friends in my free time, and I love coffee in general. In my previous classes, I've done similar projects related to cafes so, I would like to see how a Java version would compare to them. | It will be useful to see how it works in the real world because it will resemble a mobile app/menu for a cafe. Many people order things from a menu, and a receipt is instantly printed. This will show the process behind the selection of the order to get the final receipt. | It will be used by first having you enter your name for the order. Then, there will be buttons/options for you to select what you want to order. After you are done, it will thank you and print out a receipt of your order along with the total price and reward level based on money spent. | First, I believe I will have a midnightCafe class, employee class, customer class, menu class, receipt class, and a reward interface. The employee class will have name and ID as attributes with takeOrder as a method. Customer will have name and ID as attributes with placeOrder as a method. Menu will hae options and prices as attributes and calculateTotal as a method. The reward interface will deal with calculating the rank of membership. Customer will aggregate with Cafe as well as Receipt will aggregate with Cafe. This is still a rough draft, so changes will be made to the final UML diagram later. | My plan is to try to use my initial UML diagram as a jumping off point to start my code. I plan to update it as needed. I will do research and what I know to make sure everything is running smoothly. This will take quite a bit of effort because I'm still learning and not that familiar with GUI in Java. Since, I have 2 other classes, I estimate this project might take me awhile to complete. But, I will dedicate time each day to working on it, probably around at least 30 minutes or more a day.

